Delete index.html.erb in users
Make all the static pages in vuejs.
Add some notes about health whih will be timestamped as well
Aggregate all the Vues in one file and add some if statement so don't have to load everytim

Fix color Palette: E0B0D5
7BE0AD
E6FDFF
AEE5D8
E0B0D5

Make a new table for Bar Chart using only chartjs

User vue-router

See if it is possible to make stores like Redux

Implement a family feature

Completely reorganize the routing so that vue does all the work. Because this is currently very shit. 
Maybe Change the title to : My little life.

create a button which will minify a card and then integrate it to your side card. it could disapear in the center f the div and then reapper from there as a ball . 
More testing for the BMI chart weird things happen

Better architecture, make sure the view components are better integrated and dont have to be relaoded at every redirect

Have the chart change colors according to whether or not your bmi is good or not.
Maybe put a learn more tag under the the chart, and have a cool transition to open the card and get information about what BMI is and what a good BMI is
Have a disclaimer saying that BMI for kids is not a very good indicator.
Reorganize the shit show that is the javascript folder. 

Wish I would found this earlier!!! http://www.guillaume-barillot.com/2017/12/02/how-to-organize-your-vue-files-in-a-rails-5-1-project-using-webpack/ 
Solves 2 roblems: Stores and Routing Grrrrrrr

Setup better error handling
In production in Vue NavVar change the redirect JS
upload profile picture, 

for the comments try to put first some part of the text, then press + and get the entire thing.

REFACTORING make user feed box own file
REF make better subcomponents

When create new comment make sure it is live updated below in the feed.
Make better ui to go from one part of the dashboard to the next : need VUE ROUTER!!!


There are too many errors during the signup process. Please find a way to smooth it up.
There is a problem when going clicking homepage to next link, for some reason there is a complete reload of the page.
delete password digest information